yeah
yeah that's okay
yeah not a problem i'll try and get
someone in the office to take a look at
it this afternoon and see what we can do
to help out
i'm sorry
i'm gonna need to go
someone's in seo trouble
[Music]
oh yeah yeah i'm i'm stuck i'm right in
the busy street someone needs my help
[Music]
thank you seo man
if it feels like your seo is failing to
kickstart you really need to get under
the bonnet of your website and give it a
good old mot you need to look at things
like the technical build of your site so
things like your page speed making sure
your menu navigation structures up from
scratch making sure you're giving users
the information they need as quickly as
possible so giving detail on the main
service offerings you have the main
products you have where you serve how
you help being a really useful
educational resource to position you as
the authority in your sector
um it'll take me give me 48 hours you'll
be on page one no no issues just got
another order in barry yeah um
welcome back to their fight queer to
help this fight out
mate yeah another order um yeah we're
getting they're flying in today yeah
there's some underhand seo techniques
going on
[Music]
oh
say no to black hat seo
buying thousands or hundreds of
backlinks for just a few dollars or
pounds might seem like a great idea to
get your website ranking on google but
the truth is
it's actually a black hat technique it's
not approved by google so if you do get
found out your website can get penalized
your rankings could get dropped or even
worse your website could be completely
delisted from google
[Music]
traffic's a huge part of seo but just
trying to get as much traffic to your
website as possible isn't the right
strategy because it needs to be relevant
so what i mean by this is thinking about
search terms keywords your website
content the articles you create the
backlinks you build making sure you're
getting the right type of traffic for
the actual products services offerings
that you want to drive revenue sales and
generate leads for
[Music]
somebody help me
what seems to be the problem sir i've
taken a beating
let's get you some help
[Music]
thank you seo man
if it feels like your rankings have
taken a beating
and every time you search for the
products or the services you offer you
see your competitors ahead of you on
google then give the guys at
webchoiceuk.com
to get your seo on track today
[Applause]
[Music]
yeah sorry about that where did we get
to